.TH ops_kit 1 "2025-07-28" "Ops Kit" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ops_kit \- red team automation helpers for Zsh
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B source scripts/ops_kit.zsh
.br
.B op:new
.br
.B op:use
.br
.B op:tmux
.br
.B targets:add
.br
.B targets:alive
.br
.B recon:tcp
.br
.B recon:web
.br
.B ffuf:auto
.br
.B ad:spn
.br
.B ad:coerce
.br
.B tunnel:socks
.br
.B tunnel:chisel_rev
.br
.B pcap:start
.br
.B pcap:stop
.br
.B loot:add
.br
.B loot:webshot
.br
.B hash:crack
.br
.B pot:grep
.br
.B enc:b64 | enc:db64 | enc:hex | enc:dhex | enc:url | enc:durl
.br
.B http:raw
.br
.B ua:curl
.br
.B wifi:pmkid
.br
.B report:summary
.br
.B opsec:quiet | opsec:loud
.br
.B traffic:limit | traffic:clear
.br
.B canary:mint | canary:check
.br
.B cloud:aws_quick | cloud:azure_quick | cloud:gcp_quick
.br
.B ad:roast | ad:service_hunter
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBops_kit\fP collection provides numerous helper functions aimed at speeding
up red team operations. It is loaded automatically if \fBrc.d/14-ops.zsh\fP is
found when Zsh starts.
.PP
Each helper checks that required external tools are available before running.
Most functions write results inside a workspace created with \fBop:new\fP.
.SH WORKSPACE COMMANDS
.TP
.B op:new <codename>
Create a new workspace directory under \fI$OP_ROOT\fP (defaults to ~/ops).
.TP
.B op:use <path|pattern>
Switch to an existing workspace.
.TP
.B op:tmux
Launch a tmux session with panes for recon, web tasks and tunneling.
.TP
.B op:log "message"
Append a timestamped entry to the workspace chronolog.
.SH RECONNAISSANCE
.TP
.B targets:add
Add IPs or hostnames to the workspace target list.
.TP
.B targets:alive
Check which targets respond to ICMP/TCP probes.
.TP
.B recon:tcp
Run masscan and optional nmap followup against live targets.
.TP
.B recon:web
Probe HTTP/HTTPS targets with httpx and nuclei.
.TP
.B ffuf:auto [wordlist]
Launch ffuf against all live web targets.
.SH ACTIVE DIRECTORY
.TP
.B ad:spn <creds> [dc]
Request SPN tickets using impacket.
.TP
.B ad:coerce <listener_ip> [targets]
Start ntlmrelayx and coercer inside tmux windows.
.SH TUNNELLING
.TP
.B tunnel:socks <port> user@jump
Create a SOCKS proxy via SSH.
.TP
.B tunnel:chisel_rev [port]
Start a chisel reverse tunnel listener.
.SH PACKET CAPTURE
.TP
.B pcap:start [iface] [filter]
Begin packet capture using dumpcap or tcpdump.
.TP
.B pcap:stop
Stop any running captures.
.SH LOOT COLLECTION
.TP
.B loot:add <path> [label]
Copy an artefact into the workspace and record its hash.
.TP
.B loot:webshot <url>
Capture a screenshot of a web page using headless Chrome/Chromium.
.SH CRACKING
.TP
.B hash:crack <hashfile> <mode> [wordlist] [rules]
Invoke hashcat with sensible defaults.
.TP
.B pot:grep <pattern>
Search all stored hashcat pot files.
.SH UTILITIES
.TP
.B enc:b64, enc:db64, enc:hex, enc:dhex, enc:url, enc:durl
Encoding/decoding helpers.
.TP
.B http:raw METHOD URL
Perform a raw HTTP request with curl.
.TP
.B ua:curl URL
Curl a URL with a random User-Agent.
.TP
.B wifi:pmkid <iface> <out.hc22000>
Capture PMKID handshakes if hcxdumptool is available.
.SH REPORTING & OPSEC
.TP
.B report:summary [file]
Generate a short Markdown summary of collected results.
.TP
.B opsec:quiet | opsec:loud
Toggle operational security modes.
.TP
.B traffic:limit <iface> [rate] [latency]
Use tc to simulate poor network conditions.
.TP
.B traffic:clear <iface>
Remove tc shaping rules.
.SH CANARY
.TP
.B canary:mint <type>
Create a new canary token via canarytokens.org.
.TP
.B canary:check <url>
Retrieve logs for a canary token.
.SH CLOUD ENUMERATION
.TP
.B cloud:aws_quick
Show basic AWS account information.
.TP
.B cloud:azure_quick
Show basic Azure account information.
.TP
.B cloud:gcp_quick
Show basic GCP account information.
.SH SEE ALSO
recon_wrapper.sh(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Generated by Codex
